May 16 2023

	Added all of the data for all the weapons in MHR and formated all info. 
	Added Several Monsters, all A-B. Info needs to be formated still. Gear and Combat tips need to be seperated into a list

	TODO :
	
		Finish adding all monsters. Format all data.
		Feature ideas 
			1. Add a way to search monster by name
			2. Add a way to browse monsters by First letter


May 18 2023

	Created a formating class to create line spaces in strings to format specifically for console output. 
	Tested and all json data file from now on will not need to be formatted in the data
	Removed all special characters from JSON data ex. \n \t

	TODO :
		
		Finishing addding all monsters.
		Use linq queries to search for specific monsters, as well as search alphabetically by first letter of monsters name


June 1 2023
	
	MenuNavigation now uses constructor injection to take in a type that implements IInputController.
	This creates a loose coupling between MenuNavigation and its inputController. If the app needs input that doesn't come from the console,
	then a new inputController that implements IInputController can be switched out. 
	New methods created in FormatController to reduce code.

	TODO :
		
		I do not like Monster and Weapon entities overriding Display. Consider using an interface.
		Finish populating Monster data.
		Create a more flexible way to search through monsters (and other long Entity lists). Potentialy using Linq queries.
		Seperate Solution into multiple projects.
		Can I remove game dependency from MenuSystem? (Create an abstraction between Games and MenuSystem).


June 18- 22 2023
	
	Have been refactoring code to follow SOLID principles. This has mostly been done through using interfaces and setting up the program
	to work using different forms of input and output. Code is not working completely yet. No Commits have been made since refactoring from 
	last working program.

	TODO :

		I do not like Monster and Weapon entities overriding Display. Consider using an interface.
		Finish populating Monster data.
		Create a more flexible way to search through monsters (and other long Entity lists). Potentialy using Linq queries.
		 
		Finish recreating the Menu Navigation. 
		Implement Custom Menu MenuToString methods. 
		Refactor MonsterHunterRise. 
		Seperate the different components of the program into different projects.


June 23 2023
	
	Still refactoring the menu system to be more flexible and follow Solid Principles. Program starts and displays main menu the way I want it 
	to, but menu selection doesn't work. Exit program isn't working either. Problem is most likely in Interact().  No Commits have been made 
	since refactoring from last working program.

	TODO :
		
		Same as last entry.

June 27 2023

	Created Attribute classes and interfaces to be used in MenuModels so that the information is more flexible to use with the controller. Created Menu Models
	so that Monster and Weapon did not inherit from Menu. All major functions are working properly, however I am having touble setting up the code to represent 
	the right status and display it. 

	TODO :
		
		Make it so that the menus do not populate until they are displayed to cut down on load time at the start of the program. The possibility 
		of having a large number of games and game menus that need to be populated is unknown. This will be more scalable.

July 8 2023

	I tried a couple times to move my files into seperate projects but I could not reference the projects I needed because of a circular dependency. So I 
	rearranged some classes in a way that make more senese, removes that circular dependency, and the successfuly seperated my files into seperate projects.

	TODO :
		
		Finish populating Monster data.
		Create a more flexible way to search through monsters (and other long Entity lists). Potentialy using Linq queries.

		Create the menu for Materials.
		Find a way to not hard code in the file path for json data.